DEV: updates system specs doc for playwright (#56)
discourse/discourse-developer-docs: docs/03-code-internals/20-system-specs.md

## Background

Rails system specs are used to simulate the actions of a real user using the app in a browser. We use the `Playwright ruby  driver` which is becoming an industry standard. The tests run locally and in CI out of the box. Capybara is the test framework used on top of `rspec` to interact with the web browser, and it sends commands to `Playwright`.

> We currently only support running system specs in Chrome, make sure you have Chrome installed before proceeding. Run `pnpm i` to ensure Playwright is correctly setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently only support running system specs in Chrome, make sure you have Chrome installed before proceeding. Run `pnpm i` to ensure Playwright is correctly set up.
```

Writing and debugging system specs can be tricky at times, especially when they become "flaky" and start failing in strange ways. These debugging tools help with writing the specs in the first place and figuring out what is wrong.

> - `:trace` allows to capture a trace in a zip file which you can load at https://trace.playwright.dev or locally through `npx playwright show-trace /path/to/trace.zip`

Reviewer: we probably should stick to pnpm in the docs

```suggestion
- `:trace` allows to capture a trace in a zip file which you can load at https://trace.playwright.dev or locally through `pnpm dlx playwright show-trace /path/to/trace.zip`
```

> ```ruby

Reviewer: minor markdown consistency fix

```suggestion
```rb
```

it "shows bar", trace: true do
  # code
end
```

- `:video` allows to capture a video of your spec

> ```ruby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rb
```
